how much you use your iPhone stupid
question right you use it you abused it
and you put your dirty little hands all
over it constantly wiping it on your
clothes or in search of a toddy cloth
looking to clean it well what if there
was an iphone holder that doubled as a
cleaning cloth BAM in comes the toddy
wedge let's check it out on today's show
I'm Robin reis and this is appadvice
daily slice edition today's episode is
brought to you by kitchen aid kit pro
such a fresh idea make your iPad a
cooking tool and by my alarm clock
beautiful reliable versatile available
for the iphone ipod touch ipad and mac
hey everyone I'm Robin Reese and welcome
to appadvice daily a slice addition the
segment where we feature just one app or
accessory and tear it apart okay don't
worry we do it in a good way and today's
subject is the toddy wedge BAM we've
heard of the toddy cloth but what the
heck is the toddy wedge well it's this
little guy so cute yes it's kind of like
a mini bean bag chair for your iphone
that doubles is the most awesome
cleaning device ever the tiny wedge is
1499 and comes in a variety of beautiful
designs and colors okay so what makes
this accessory a hot x well it's great
for facetime you can see goes right
there using Siri playing word games or
just checking the time it's soft easily
possible and can even double as an
office hacky sack but most importantly
it's good for cleaning your iOS device
this now it's a wedge it's not exactly
easy to misplace so it's nice to know
that you don't have to look far for an
iphone or even glass cleaner it's always
going to be on your desk now they come
in tons of gorgeous designs and the
material is soft on the front and a
cleaning machine on the back okay so
what's not hot about this device or this
accessory well it takes up space on your
desk and it doesn't charge but this
shouldn't shock you since it's basically
a mini pillow okay but that in itself
can be kind of a downside I think a lot
of people will also not want to spend
$15 on an accessory that's just used for
cleaning ok so what devices does the
toddy
edge work with well really any of them
wallet will only work as a stand for
your iphone ipod touch or even ipad mini
it will still clean the heck out of your
ipad and therefore it can work with all
your iOS devices now where can you get
the toddy wedge well right on pot a year
calm and while you're there tech pick up
a toddy cloth too I never leave home
without it because it's always in my
purse alright so in conclusion everyone
needs a cleaning cloth because we use
the heck out of our iOS devices now the
toddy wedge is a great accessory to help
you clean it up so you can actually see
past your dirty little fingerprints now
if you guys have any suggestions for the
AB advice flight segment whether it's an
app or an accessory please do not
hesitate to contact us you can reach me
directly on Twitter or Facebook at Robin
Reese all right guys yells as always
thanks for watching I'm Robin race and I
will sync with you next time hmm